
Your project team. AND a clear description of the application and what it does.


Project team: Lauren Helm, Zach Gustafson, and Ian Riaf.

 The goal of this application is to serve as a helper for different teams to aid them in their in/offseason workout routine. The app is designed to list the workouts for each team and different days, organized by sport. Users of this application can find their given exercise, click on this different phase or day and the application will bring them to their routine. They will be able to input the number of reps/sets/time they completed to measure progress. Every workout page is different as we consulted with the strength and conditioning coach Analisse Rios before the assignment on what she would like in a workout app.  The hope is to one day expand this out to include all sports at Connecticut College. The site also provides an about section with a bio on Analisse Rios and her journey to Conn. We also have a contact section with external links to her various content sharing sites like Youtube and Instagram. 


Based on your app idea and its features, if applicable, outline your components, data models, services, routes, UI technologies, etc. and how they make up your implementation.


As a team, we decided to use routing as an efficient way of organizing our many pages. Our project required a lot of organization as every page is different and some workout routines have different set counts. Every in season and off-season sport had it's own component (created in terminal) with its separate HTML page linked back to the sports page. Each page has it's own phase/day button and when clicked on it brings you to that selected workout. We implemented many HTML formatting techniques for the many tables for each block. We bootstrapped all pages and incorporated font awesome for stylish touches. 


An assessment of the submitted application and the overall project process. Did your app meet your original goals and vision and what modifications would you make in your team dynamics or implementation approach for better outcomes?

Overall, the process of creating this app was enriching as we all believe it will be used by actual Conn College athletes and serves a purpose. We split up the work very evenly and frequently met as we had a design team and a routing team. Our app met most of our initial goals, but there were some areas where we fell short. We wanted to use a login page where we could graphically check the users progress. 



